Document PR commits preference in CONTRIBUTING.md (#4704)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CONTRIBUTING.md

Open a pull request against the main `opentelemetry-go` repo. Be sure to add the pull
request ID to the entry you added to `CHANGELOG.md`.

> To help facilitate reviewing and merging your PR, please refrain from force-pushing (`git push --force/-f`) or manually rebasing (`git rebase -i HEAD~1`). Re-writing history makes it difficult to keep track of iterations during code review (An exception would be when `reword`ing commits). All PRs are automatically squashed down to a single commit upon merge to `main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid rebasing and force-pushing to your branch to facilitate reviewing the pull request.
Rewriting Git history makes it difficult to keep track of iterations during code review.
All pull requests are squashed to a single commit upon merge to `main`.
```
